---
title: "Survival Exercise (3)"
arc: 3
chapter: 26
tags: ["veric", "luka", "jules", "roxana"]
lastEdit: 2025-08-30
pubDate: 2025-08-30
authorsNotes: <p>Another early early update since I'm busy over the weekend again. When I was editing this chapter it somehow grew from 4.3k to 4.8k words. Terrible.</p> <p>Anyways, a little more context for the world, our main character's life experiences, and the Tripartite's domains. What have you intuited about the Tripartite's symbols and powers so far?</p>
---

Verica’s stamina was really something, especially when we entered the water again. She didn’t have to pass me off to Luka at all, which was great. 

We also ran into more enemies, but since I could point them out in advance, Verica and Luka ambushed and took them out easily. It gave me more time to practice orienting myself through other people’s eyes. 

After around half an hour of navigating narrow underwater tunnels, we emerged in a cave that had survived the initial deluge relatively intact. Although the grasses and moss had been bent by the currents, a layer of swaying blue flowers had survived, as had a few butterflies. Dirt and debris had been deposited by the water, perhaps from the flood. The torn-up wings that had been swept there caught the flowers’ dim glow on their iridescent scales, shimmering like ghost lights.

I parsed through the nearby perspectives, many of them from the surviving butterflies, before landing on a cluster of human perspectives gathered together in a large cavern up ahead. Judging by their age and clothing, they were our classmates. 

“I have good news and bad news,” I said. 

“I could use some good news right now,” Verica muttered. “What is it?” 

“The good news is that I see Roxana ahead, and she’s alive.” Verica perked up. I pointed forward over her shoulder. “The bad news is that a lot of our classmates are there, too.” 

She scoffed. “Why is that a bad thing?” 

“Possible traitors, remember? Let’s move carefully; don’t go trusting anything that anyone says. I don’t suppose either of you have sunglasses or a hat, by any chance?” 

Verica glanced back at Luka shaking his head. “No, but why?” 

“I don’t want people asking about my eyes,” I said. “So, Verica… Or should I call you Veric?” 

She mulled over the question longer than I thought she would. 

“Just Veric,” she decided. 

“Great. So, Veric. When we meet up with everyone, if anyone asks, tell them I’m sleeping, okay? Let’s avoid any awkward questions, find Roxana as quickly as possible, and go.” 

“Shouldn’t we check out the situation at least a little? Maybe someone has found information that we don’t have.” 

I didn’t want to explain how much I hated the idea of being carted around in a crowded area while weak, injured, and faking being asleep. Pretending to be vulnerable was one thing; actually being vulnerable was another. “How about you just leave me to wait in the tunnels before you get there?” 

“I’d rather Acacius participate in any investigation we carry out,” Luka said. “Acacius, can you tell if Jules is present? Cardinal Jules.” 

If I remembered correctly, that was the tall girl in red who’d had a lot to say about the law, back when I was set to duel Linden. I searched through the nearby perspectives again. 

I saw Roxana commanding students at what seemed to be a makeshift healing station; in another area, people were putting together food and supplies; guardposts had been set up around the area; and in the center of the throng, guarded by scuffed-up students holding their weapons tightly, was Jules. She sat on a glowing symbol on the ground, listening patiently as Nastaran and a few others spoke fervently in front of her.

I wanted to check for more information from Jules’ perspective, too, but all I could make out through her eyes was a vague sense of light and shadow. Other than that, she was blind. 

“She’s there,” I said.  

“We can ask her for a spare pair of glasses,” said Luka. “Then you can help us gather more information.” 

I felt disgruntled. “Why me?” 

If he told me it was because I was good at it, I would’ve felt uncomfortable that he was putting this kind of responsibility in my hands, but what he actually said was, “If you want to ally with us, you should act like it.” 

It was sad that he made so much sense. 

Once the encampment was in sight, I laid my head down on Veric’s shoulder, closed my eyes, and played dead. There was a red glow that encircled the area, and when Veric carried me over the border, an electric shiver passed over my skin. Something about the environment had changed, but I couldn’t tell what. 

Jules turned her head towards us. Following that movement, the students around her looked our way as well. 

Through Veric and Luka’s eyes, I saw some of Jules’ companions tense, but Nastaran brightened. She smoothed her braids back and smiled, stepping forward with open arms. 

“Luka, Verica, what a welcome surprise! And… Is that Acacius? Did something happen to him?” 

Luka nodded. “We’d like to speak to Jules. Privately.” 

Nastaran hesitated, and the students around Jules looked at us with unfriendly gazes. 

However, Jules merely chuckled. “Oh, don’t be so guarded. If he was powerful enough to do something here, do you really think you’d be able to protect me?” 

She gestured for the people around her to give us privacy. Slowly and reluctantly, they backed away out of conversational range. Nastaran gave Luka one last conspicuous glance before retreating, too. 

Veric jostled me. “Acacius, you can get up now.” 

She lowered me to the ground, and when my feet hit the ground, a painful jolt shot up my spine to my shoulderblades. I disguised my flinch as a momentary loss of balance, leaning on her shoulder for stability. Thankfully, she didn’t push me away and simply helped me stand up. I kept my eyes lowered to avoid anyone from spying the kaleidoscope patterns too clearly. 

“So, this involves Acacius Duval,” Jules said. She held out a hand. “The name is Cardinal Jules, but you can just call me Jules.” 

I shook her hand. “Call me Acacius. I’d like to ask you a favor.” 

“Oh?”

“Do you have a spare pair of glasses I could borrow?” 

Jules raised an eyebrow. “And here I was thinking you wanted to make use of my skills. What do you need my glasses for?” 

“I’d like something to protect my eyes right now,” I said vaguely. 

She smiled. “Is that so? I’m quite curious, Luka, what has you suddenly willing to introduce Acacius to me for a favor? I thought you didn’t like him at all.” 

“Circumstances are somewhat extenuating,” Luka said. 

Jules chuckled. 

“And do you intend to stay here?” 

“No.” 

“A quick answer! I wonder what has you abandoning the camp we have worked so hard to create. It couldn’t be that you have no faith in its security, could it?” 

“That’s not it,” Veric interjected quickly. “We’d love to stay and help, but right now, we have more urgent things to take care of. But… If I can ask, what security are you talking about?” 

“It is the ‘zone’ I have created here.” 

“Zone?” 

“Indeed. In this area, it is forbidden to cause physical harm to others. This is quite the severe restriction, so the zone is small; nonetheless, it seems like it has become quite the popular base for everyone.” 

“What happens if someone tries to break your rules?” I asked.

“Now that is an interesting question! If this restriction was created using the tradition of the Court of Law, then it would not be impossible, merely punishable. The perpetrator would be inflicted with punishment automatically after the deed was done, and not before. After all, a society’s laws are prescriptive, not descriptive; punishment comes after the fact, and we cannot dictate what people do, only what people should do. 

“However, I’m not satisfied with such a passive form of deterrence, so I’ve borrowed the power of a certain contract to turn this prescriptive rule into a descriptive one. Now that I’ve reached the Chronicle realm, this zone can’t be broken by the exclusionary rules of frames. Otherwise, we would certainly be in trouble if the enemies used that weather frame again.” 

More stuff I didn’t fully understand. I chose to confirm the most important parts. “So then… anyone in the zone literally cannot break your rules.”

“Not unless they have the power to overturn the foundation of this contract,” Jules agreed. “In the face of which we would have no recourse, I’m afraid. For now, my restriction has proven sufficient to repel enemy attacks, though it is quite finicky and difficult to maintain.” 

“What happens someone attacks you from outside the zone? For example, with projectiles or magic…”

“Once an attack crosses the boundary, it is naturally subject to my restrictions. If that… ah… ‘evil eye’ appears again, though, we may have a problem, as its form of attack is not strictly physical.” 

Speaking of the evil eye. “Do we have any surviving members of the Broken Kaleidoscope who can give more information about that thing?” 

“Hanan was here for a while, recovering from her injuries. She called it the Eye of Misfortune; apparently, it is one of the various eyes that constitute the Kaleidoscope, but its odious nature has precluded it from common usage in the Fantasm World, and therefore from in-depth research as well. Unfortunately, Hanan bravely departed to search for her surviving colleagues some time ago, but has yet to return. As long as your group intends to venture out, perhaps you could keep an eye out.” 

“We will,” Luka promised. 

“Excellent. Then I should do my part and help you as well.” Jules turned in my direction. “Acacius, come here. Let me feel your face.” 

I didn’t really want anyone touching me, but since I was the one asking for the favor, I stepped forward and bent down in front of her. When she reached out, I guided her hand to my cheek before resting my hands lightly on her arms. That way, if she attacked me, I could react quickly. 

Jules acted as if she didn’t notice my tension. She ran her fingers over the ridge of my brow, along my cheekbones and down my nose, tracing over my lips and jaw. 

“You don’t feel much like your sister,” she commented. “She has round cheeks, a small nose, and a sharp chin. But you’re simply sharp all around.” 

“I heard you offered to help Cynara around the time of my duel,” I said. “Something about putting one of us in jail. Why didn’t you try striking a deal with me first?” 

“Oh? As the one who refused to allow your brother to back down, would you have been willing to settle for less than his death?” 

“Who knows?” I said lightly. “Some forms of living feel worse than death.” 

Jules chuckled. “Then next time, I will surely reach out to such a cute and warm-hearted junior first.” She pulled her hands away from my face, so I finally relaxed. “I must confirm — these glasses of mine were specially crafted for a blind person’s fashion, not for a sighted person’s use. Are you sure they will be suitable for you?” 

I snorted. My peripheral vision was already graying out, and it was a struggle to make out her facial features through my eyes, even at this close range. I was already screwed. 

“Don’t worry, senior. That won’t be a problem at all.” 

The spare glasses Jules presented me with was a stylish pair of sunglasses whose crimson lenses flashed iridescent pink under the light. As promised, when I put them on, they blocked my vision completely. Conversely, no one could see the shifting kaleidoscope patterns in my eyes anymore. I was satisfied. 

We exchanged a few more words with Jules before she waved us off, saying she needed to manage some matters in the zone, so we retreated elsewhere in the camp. Then Luka turned to Veric.

“I need to speak with Nastaran,” he said, a faint hint of apology in his voice.

“Okay,” Veric said after a pause. “I can go with Acacius to talk to Roxana.” 

“I won’t be long.” 

I wanted to ask Nastaran for the information she’d promised me, but I didn’t really want to follow Luka. Maybe I could circle back with Veric after we finished checking in on Roxana. 

I followed Veric to the makeshift healing station. Roxana was praying there. Every now and then, she released a blue pulse of light that seemed to ease the pain of those who were near her. Nearby students bustled about with makeshift bandages and medicine to complete the treatment of the wounded. 

Veric hovered some distance away from Roxana, frowning, but she didn’t approach. Ugh, if only Luka was here so he could help me observe her expression more closely.

“Weren’t you worried about her?” I said, after we’d been standing around for a while. “If you don’t talk to her, I will.” 

Veric gave me an annoyed look, but she finally stepped forward. 

“Roxana,” she called. 

Roxana’s eyes flew open, zeroing in on Veric’s figure. 

“Veric!” 

She stood up with a brilliant smile, dropping her hands. The blue light faded around her, and she ran over heedlessly, abandoning healing assistants and patients alike to grumble curses under their breaths. 

“You’re okay!” she cheered. “Of course you would be; your blessings are still going. I knew you wouldn’t die from something like this.” 

Veric’s mouth twitched. “Yeah, I’m okay. I had some help along the way.” She nodded at me. “It’s good that you’re doing well, too.”

“Naturally.” Roxana brushed a coil of lavender hair over her shoulder with a smile. “It’s the Saintess’ duty to step up at times like this. If I want to take that headdress, I have to do my part. Now that you’re here, will you be providing healing as well?” 

“…Sorry, but no. I have other things to take care of. This time, we just came to check on your safety—” 

Roxana batted her eyelashes. “Just for me?”

“—And to ask you for some information, if you know it.” 

She pouted. “Aw, Veric, how cold. You won’t work with me, but how come it looks like you’re teaming up with him?”

I guess Acacius’ awful reputation was back in play. “If I’m the one who helped her, isn’t it natural that she should repay me?”

Roxana blinked guilelessly. “Oh! Is that what happened?” 

She put a hand over her heart and gave me a courteous curtsy. 

“Thank you for helping Veric while I wasn’t there. The Dragon Shrine will surely reward you for this favor. You came for information, right? In exchange for answering your questions, how about you consider Veric’s debt repaid?” 

“Roxana, that’s not really…” 

“Wouldn’t Veric simply end up owing a favor to you instead?” I said.

“Oh, no. Veric is free to do as she wants. But as fellow Saintess candidates, isn’t it natural that we look after each other?”

I nodded. It made perfect sense to “look after” your rival. 

“Since you worry so much for Veric, help me take a look at this.” 

I pretended to pull [Caller] out from my sleeve and scratched the black sun symbol in the mud. 

“Do you know what this is?” 

Roxana stiffened slightly, then forcefully relaxed. 

“That’s the emblem of a new order that emerged recently…” she murmured. “I didn’t expect them to be here.” 

“You know them?” Veric asked. 

Roxana nodded. “This is the Order of the Black Sun. I don’t know much about them, but… They’re an extremist group that advocates for the ‘fair and just stewardship of knowledge.’ I hear they’ve targeted library archives and repositories of the Secret-Keeper. Perhaps they are aiming at the Broken Kaleidoscope as well.” 

“They took specific measures to target Veric, so that can’t be the only goal.” I turned to Veric. “Can you show her the dagger?” 

Veric slowly pulled the golden weapon out from her belt, recounting her previous conclusions about it in a low voice, and Roxana ran her fingertips over the blade gingerly, as if afraid it would burn her. 

“There is a way to learn more about it” she said. “But you’d need to use the power of the Hierarch, not the Great Dragon, since we’d be invoking the Signifier’s domain. Can you do it, Veric?” 

Veric hesitated. 

“I’m… not sure how,” she admitted. “Could you show me?” 

Roxana twirled a strand of her hair and gave Veric a teasing smile. “Maybe if I hear the magic word.” 

Veric sighed. 

“Please?” 

Just like that, Roxana beamed. 

“Of course! Anything for you, Veric.”

She stepped close and wrapped her hands gently around Veric’s, holding their hands over the golden dagger’s hilt.

“Channel the Hierarch’s power. Bring it in contact with the dagger, just like that… And now, focus on the Signifier’s authority. We aren’t the Scribe, reading history, nor are we the Secret-Keeper, prying into what is hidden. All we want to do is listen to this dagger’s ‘meaning.’” 

Veric closed her eyes, concentrating, and as she bent her head down, Roxana leaned in closer, until their noses were almost touching. Her gaze roved over Veric’s pale eyelashes, the constellation of freckles on her cheeks. 

“Repeat this prayer after me.” 

Her voice could barely be heard over the the surrounding students’ murmured conversation or the whisper of running water in the distance.

“O Signifier, master of the stage and wearer of the mask, bestow thy blessings upon these humble eyes and unveil thy stories before us. Reveal to us by what narrative we are constructed, by what eyes and roles we are shaped…” 

Veric recited after her softly. Their words and breaths mingled in the space between their faces. Roxana lowered her eyes to watch Veric’s lips as they moved. 

Then Veric gasped. 

Eyes flying open, she jerked back, and the dagger clattered to the ground from her shaking hands. Her face had gone pale.

Roxana was by her side immediately. “Veric? What’s wrong? What did you see?” 

Veric’s hand flew to feel her heart as she stared at the dagger. 

“It… wants to kill the Great Dragon.” 

“Kill? That’s not…!” 

Veric turned her gaze to Roxana in time to see her face drain of blood. Roxana, seeing Veric looking at her, took a deep breath and forced a smile. 

“…If you were killed by this dagger,” she said, “it would certainly build up a history of opposing the Great Dragon’s power. But they can’t be… I mean…” 

Veric remained silent, watching her. Why did Roxana seem more shaken than Veric was? 

“Could they achieve the same effect by killing you, or other followers of the Dragon Shrine?” I asked. 

Roxana exhaled and closed her eyes. When she opened them again, her voice had regained her steadiness, and her sunny, confident demeanor had returned. 

“If they have chosen to target Veric, then they have judged that she is the appropriate next step to building the dagger’s ‘history.’ Although I have skills as a priestess, my affinity with the Great Dragon is ordinary. That’s why the focus should be on protecting Veric.”

“So the Order doesn’t just want to kill Veric; they want to kill her with this weapon, specifically,” I said. “Can we destroy it?” 

Roxana shook her head. “An artifact that has begun building up a ‘history’ and a ‘role’ won’t be so easy to destroy without a corresponding ritual. We don’t have the time or materials right now.”

“Fine. Then onto my next question.” I pulled out a net amulet from my pocket and showed it to Roxana. “Do you know what this is?” 

She sucked in a hasty breath.

“An artifact of the sacrificial flow frame? Where did you get that?” 

“From the enemy, of course. I’m not familiar with this frame. Remind me about its characteristics.” 

“It was one of the first weather frames outlawed by the International Weather Treaty. As you can guess from the ‘flow’ half name, it allows practitioners to control the flow of meteorological forces, such as wind, pressure, temperature, and water flow. It trumps nearly all other weather-based frames in power, flexibility, and speed.”

“And the ‘sacrificial’ part?” 

“That has to do with the preconditions for using the frame.” Roxana’s smile was gone. “To become an initiate in its weather-aspect powers, one must first engineer the collective death of at least thirty-three people through environmental factors alone, and the initiate must also undergo the ‘baptism of death’ alongside their victims.”

Uh… 

“If the initiate survives the baptism of death, to truly enter the gateway to power, they must be guided by an adept. Only then will they be able to perceive the world as dictated by the frame. The power that you can exert with the frame is proportional to the number of people you’ve killed.” 

This was awkward. 

“The sacrificial flow frame has a high degree of exclusivity, because according to its worldview, power can only be gained through death and sacrifice. Thus, according to the Tripartite’s mediation, when this frame is active, it blocks powers that weren’t obtained by killing others. Only fundamental and first-order powers are exempt. Right — since we’re in a Fantasm World, its frame is considered as a fundamental power here. But none of us know how to use the kaleidoscope perspective frame properly, do we?”

Roxana laughed coldly.

“If we survive, the International Weather Association will really have a big scandal on their hands.” 

“Yeah,” I said expressionlessly. “That sounds terrible.” 

Veric slowly moved her gaze towards me. 

“Acacius… Haven’t you been using this frame to deal with the enemy?” 

Roxana’s eyes widened, and she looked at me like I was some kind of beast. 

Okay, so I’d killed a bunch of people. And I’d killed everyone with me in that last fire. How was that my fault? 

Maybe they shouldn’t have done so much to make me want them dead. 

“Use your head,” I snapped. “Do you really think I could have gotten specialized guidance from the enemy on how to use their precious frame? If I don’t meet that condition, is there any reason to think that I’ve fulfilled their overly specific death ritual too?” 

“Isn’t it the other way around?” Roxana said, narrowing her eyes. “Since you can use the sacrificial flow frame, you must have fulfilled its conditions somehow.” 

I sneered. “Oh. And do you think the first practitioner of the sacrificial flow frame had someone to show them what to do? Obviously, there are other ways to learn how to use its powers.” 

“I… guess that’s true,” said Veric. “But—”

“Think whatever you want. Just tell me first if you decide to end our cooperation. Let’s move on.” 

She gave me an annoyed look. “Can’t you speak a little more nicely? What would you do if I really quit right now?”  

“What can I do? It’s not like I can tie you up and take you with me. The important part is that you’re alive.” I shrugged. “Of course, it would be more convenient for me if you helped me, but I’ve already achieved my initial goal.” 

Veric sighed and raised her eyes to the cave ceiling like she was sick of talking to me. “You sure can act tough for someone in that state.” She was silent for a moment before turning to the side. “Roxana, can you take a look at him?” 

Roxana blinked. “Of course, but why… I mean. You haven’t healed him already?” 

Veric grimaced. She grabbed my hand and placed it in Roxana’s. “You’ve always been more talented than me in this.” 

Roxana looked at me for a while. I kept my face impassive. Would Roxana really treat me? If I was in her shoes, I’d be suspicious as hell. 

But after giving Veric one long look, Roxana said, “Well, if it’s you, how could I refuse?” 

She closed her eyes and prayed. 

A gentle blue glow washed over me. I sighed with relief as the aches and pains of my body slowly dulled. 

“That’s all I can do for now,” Roxana said softly, opening her eyes. “It feels as though you’re undergoing some kind of innate transformation — restoring your body to its natural state hasn’t cured any of your ailments. How did you end up this way?” 

“Hmm. I guess I should act while I still can,” I said, ignoring her question. “Do you think Luka is ready to go yet?”

“Go? Where?” 

“We’re going to look for Professor Raoul,” Veric explained. 

“But… Does it have to be you and Luka who look for him?” Roxana looked up at Veric through her eyelashes, lips pursed in worry. “It’s dangerous, Veric. I’m worried for you.” 

Veric looked at Roxana, and then she half-smiled. 

“Why? Do you think I can’t do it?” 

Roxana paused. “Of course not. I’ve always believed in you more than anyone else.” 

Veric’s expression didn’t change. She shook her head. 

“Jules’ restriction is extremely powerful, but… Contracts and laws always have loopholes, don’t they? I think I’d put everyone in danger staying here. And besides.” 

She turned her head towards me. 

“You’d leave even if I didn’t go with you, wouldn’t you? Even in that state.” 

Huh. She’d read my intentions quite well. 

“It would be good for you to stay too, Acacius,” Roxana appealed earnestly. “Your body isn’t in good shape. Jules’ restriction can protect you, and there are plenty of people to depend on here, too. Wouldn’t it be better to rest and let more suitable people take on the difficult tasks?” 

“Why, Roxana. You almost sound concerned about me.” 

“Of course.” Roxana blinked at me with innocent eyes. “Any ordinary person would care for the well-being of their classmates.” 

It was a great statement to make fun of Acacius, who’d tried to kill at least one before. 

I let myself smile a bit. 

“Roxana. Do you think that things will be okay somehow by staying here? Danger isn’t something that resolves itself by closing your eyes and hoping for the best.” 

“Oh, of course that isn’t what I’m advocating for. I simply mean…” 

“And Veric is the one who can least afford it.” 

That sentence sealed the words that she wanted to say. 

“The enemy knows her abilities and her weaknesses. If she stays in one place, it’s only a matter of time before they find her. Then what? Will you win against them when you’re ignorant of their numbers, their preparations, and their goals?” 

“We aren’t ignorant though, are we? We know—” 

“Yes, what do you know that wasn’t gained when I put my life on the line? Did you intend to rely on me? That’s cute.”  

“No, no, I wouldn’t be so presumptuous. We have our own capabilities.”

“Capability to what, sit in one place and hope for the best? Wait and see if someone else will take care of everything somehow?” I laughed. “It’s fools like you who die the most pathetically, not knowing how or why it happened. By the time you’ve lost what’s most precious to you, it’s too late to regret everything you should have done.” 

Roxana flinched. Veric frowned. “Acacius, that’s enough.” 

I raised my hands in surrender. “So defensive. This is my sincere advice, you know.” 

“Didn’t we already decide we don’t need your sincerity?” 

Roxana, having composed herself, spoke again. “I understand what you’re saying, but that doesn’t mean that venturing into the unknown is the right path either.” 

“Of course,” I nodded. “I can’t guarantee anything. But if I’m going to die, I want to die having done everything I could have to live.” 

I tilted my head down and smiled. 

“Don’t be an optimist, don’t count on heroes, and don’t rely on others meaninglessly. You have to fight with everything you have while you still can.” 

“…” 

With both of them looking at me, I couldn’t check what expressions they were making. 

It was fine; I didn’t need to know. I clapped my hands together. “So that’s why you should come with us, Roxana.” 

“…Me?” 

“Of course. If you don’t trust me with Veric’s safety, then you should do something yourself.” 

Veric let out a long sigh. 

“Is that what you were angling for the whole time?” she said, exasperated. “Don’t get caught up in his nonsense. If you don’t want to come—” 

“No!” 

Roxana grabbed onto Veric’s hand tightly. 

“If you really don’t want to stay here, I’ll go with you.” 

Veric frowned. “You really shouldn’t…”

“Excellent,” I said. “Then let’s see how much your concern for Veric is worth, hmm?” 

Veric kicked my ankle. I tried not to wince. “Don’t treat me like an emotional bargaining chip.” 

Roxana laughed. She brushed her hair over her shoulder and smiled. 

“Don’t worry about me, Veric. I’m a Saintess candidate, after all; this much is nothing. I won’t let you down.” 

And now we had a healer on the team, right where I could keep an eye on her. Sweet. 

“Since that’s settled, let’s go find Luka and Nastaran,” I said. “She owes me a favor, anyways.” 

“Nastaran?” Roxana said, slowly turning to look at Veric. Veric frowned and averted her gaze. “What are they doing together?” 

“Luka went to speak with her just now,” said Veric. A stilted pause. “Why?” 

The two of them didn’t speak for a moment longer, and then Roxana smiled beatifically.

“No reason at all,” she said. “Let’s go.” 

