---
title: "Field Exercise (3)"
arc: 3
chapter: 18
tags: ["ozias", "veric", "roxana"]
lastEdit: 2025-07-12
pubDate: 2025-07-12
authorsNotes: <p>Very early Saturday update since I'm busy this weekend. I'll do my best to catch up with comments after the weekend.</p> <p>How are the descriptions this chapter? I usually don't like spending so much time on them, but it's important for me to establish some things now so I don't have to do it later in the arc.</p>
---

Just as I was getting ready to unleash a spew of insults, a multi-layered voice began whispering in my ear. 

The language it spoke in wasn’t Iyirian or any other language I knew, but I understood it all the same, as if the meaning had been placed directly into my thoughts. 

`[Converting interpreted record into format accessible to the Record Holder.]` 

`[Welcome to this fantasm of history.]` 

`[Should you wish to claim its power, challenger, prove yourself and overcome that which has never been overcome before.]` 

`[According to your Record of Existence, a suitable role has been chosen for you.]` 

`[Due to your title, {Executor of the Sacrifice’s Last Will}, you have caught the attention of a significant spirit.]` 

`[As a non-human who understands humans, who carries the torch of the dead, and who knows how to find a path to survive, you have gained the approval of the {Last Genesis of the Kaleidoscope}.]` 

`[The {Last Genesis of the Kaleidoscope} has granted you permission to use its form and power in this fantasm.]` 

`[The {Last Genesis of the Kaleidoscope} passes down its wish.]` 

`[“Please show me how we could have survived.”]` 

With that, the voice went silent. 

Fuck me. 

Acacius’ goddamn title was screwing me over from beyond the grave. 

Hey, Kosmonymia, or whatever just spoke to me. Get back here! Wasn’t there something wrong with your record? Just because I’d been summoned to Kosmonymia as some kind of ghost, did that mean I wasn’t human? If a dog died and turned into a ghost, did that make it the same species as me? Even if we were both dead, a human was still different from a fucking dog, alright? 

There was no response.

Fuck. 

I really wanted to beat something up. 

Well, whatever I decided to do, I needed to get familiar with my new body first. I spent a few minutes figuring out how to coordinate my limbs, move my mandibles, and operate my new mouth. As I experimented, my soft jaw and new joints clicked and settled into place. 

Following the body’s urges, I let myself dangle from what I assumed had been my cocoon, spreading my wings out wide. They felt numb and tingly, like limbs that had lost blood circulation, so I began working the muscles in and around them until the tingling wasn’t so unbearable anymore. 

Although my body’s instinct was to remain here, working my wings and waiting for them to dry, time was ticking. I didn’t want to miss the planned rendezvous with the rest of the class, and I definitely didn’t want to explain why I’d missed it. 

Could I use my World Proof to take human form? 

The trouble was that I still couldn’t see anything, so I didn’t know if I was in a space big enough for a human-sized person to appear. 

I began crawling around to check the nearby space. As I explored, I tried mentally calling out to my Record of Existence, just so I could understand what this new format was about, and the mysterious voice began reciting my information back to me. 

I soon realized that the description for my borrowed title, `[Executor of the Sacrifice’s Last Will]`, had changed slightly. 

The voice said, `[A title obtained by carrying out the last will of those who died or were killed unjustly in pursuit of a greater cause. Of those you’ve met recently, only Acacius Duval and the {Last Genesis of the Kaleidoscope} fit the condition.]` 

So if I fulfilled this spirit’s last wish, I wouldn’t have to worry about Acacius’ weird last will? 

Too bad it had asked me to figure out the apocalypse. Like hell I was doing that. 

Another surprise came for me after the voice finished reading out my titles. 

I thought it would stop speaking there, but instead, it continued, `[Due to the Record Holder’s current lack of existential power, this title cannot be expressed.]` 

Hm? 

`[Due to the Record Holder’s current lack of existential power, this title cannot be expressed.]` 

`[Due to the Record Holder’s current lack of existential power…]` 

Huh. Did this have to do with the blacked out pages in my Record? How did Acacius get these titles if he was unable to use them?

I guess I had more to research when I got back to school. 

In the time it took for my Record to be recited, I got a better grasp of my surroundings. I’d emerged from my cocoon off the stem of a tall, flowering plant. This plant stem was right next to some kind of rocky cliff face covered in moss, which made it easy to climb. 

I’d climbed far enough along the wall that I was confident there was enough room for a human body. I crawled back down to the base of the rocky wall and tried calling on `[Honest Man’s Deception]`. 

A moment later, I was sitting there in Acacius’ body, no worse for wear except for a numb patch between my shoulder blades that wouldn’t go away. I was wearing the same clothes and necklace of artifacts that I’d had when entering the Fantasm World, and I even had the light satchel I’d packed all my survival supplies in. 

Unfortunately, the satchel was empty — I guess because supplies weren’t considered part of my appearance. 

This was sad, because now that I had my vision back, I could see that I was sitting in a large underground cave with no clear way out. 

The cave ecosystem was clearly thriving. Dark mosses and lichens of all different shapes and textures crept across the cave walls, crowding around veins of glowing, opalescent crystal that ran through the rocks. Water dripped from hanging rock formations and trickled down the walls, converging into a steady stream that flowed cheerfully through a thick mat of grass. Mushrooms and fungus glowing at the gills anchored themselves to column-like formations scattered throughout the cave.

Most eye-catching of all were the blooming blue flowers that towered over me, turning their stems and petals towards the faint light. 

It was under one such flower that I found the cocoon I must have crawled out of. It was easily the size of my head. Looking around, I soon spotted other butterflies with iridescent blue wings, each as large as a hawk with a wingspan to match. The patterns on their wings made my eyes sting, and then I started to feel dizzy, and then I got the strong feeling that I shouldn’t look at them too long. I quickly turned away.  

It seemed like the `[Last Genesis of the Kaleidoscope]` was one of these butterflies. Their eyes were quite large, though, so why hadn’t I been able to see anything in insect form? Don’t tell me it had been blind. 

With no better direction to go, I started my search for an exit by following the water upstream. I soon came to a fork where multiple streams had converged. I carved a giant mark on a nearby stone formation using `[Caller]`, observed the blooming flowers for any air movement, and followed the stream where the air flow seemed strongest. 

My luck was both good and bad. After around ten minutes of following the ever-diminishing trickle of water, I soon came across the entrance where it had flowed in from. However, the entrance was high up the cave wall and too small for a human. Sunlight fell through it like a needle, drawing a clear golden line to a vein of crystal that glowed like fire where it was hit. 

I climbed up as far as I could as a human, making a mental map of the rock face before dismissing `[Honest Man’s Deception]`. 

Whoever designed my World Proof had done it quite considerately, because my insect body appeared exactly where I’d wanted it to: the rocky outcropping I’d rested my hand on, next to a cluster of mushrooms that were easy to identify by touch. I angled my wings to feel where the wind was blowing from and slowly felt my way up. 

This insect body was a strong climber. Its legs were extremely sensitive — not just to texture, but to taste. My body happily gave me feedback about which plants I stepped on were potential food sources. Thankfully, it didn’t have any strong aversion to walking on dirt and rock, otherwise my journey would have been much more unpleasant. 

Soon, the steep and mossy rock gave way to a gentle incline of grass. The breeze was gentle, and sunlight warmed the back of my wings. I transformed back into human form and looked around. 

I’d emerged on the side of a rocky mountain, overlooking a shining city of white stone below. The city crowded all the way to the shoreline, where the cerulean sea sparkled under the bright midday sun. A series of gleaming white watchtowers marked a crooked line along the hills; at the top of each was a large, rotating crystal that formed the shape of an eye when it caught the light. When they brightened and dimmed, they looked like they were blinking. 

The tallest of these towers was a tall white spire in the middle of the city, piercing the sky like a needle. Its opalescent prism shed a radiant light down on the city. 

According to Hanan, that was the device known as the Kaleidoscope, and it was one of the landmarks that we could meet at after entering the Fantasm World. It was pretty far away, though, so I set my eyes on the nearest watchtower, which lay downhill from me. 

The watchtower wasn’t actually manned. When I placed my hands on the wall, it hummed against my hand. I sat in the shade and watched the crystal at the top flash with different colors. At one point, it rotated to look directly at me. 

A while later, a large man with short cropped hair and a rugged jaw waded his way up through the grass that crowded the narrow dirt path. His robes were dyed like a butterfly’s wings, and ringed eye spots of color decorated its fringe. He wore an orange-tinted visor that covered his eyes. His skin was starting to redden under the sun. 

“Nithemoore student?” he asked as he approached. 

I nodded. “Who are you?” 

“Ozias Reuter, senior researcher of the Broken Kaleidoscope. Hanan sent me here to pick you up.” 

“Do you patrol all the landmarks?” 

“Not exactly.” Ozias gestured at the shining tower in the city. “All the watchtowers are connected to the central Kaleidoscope, so when Hanan operates it, she can check each post. She sent me since I was nearest to you.” 

Maybe that was what the crystal’s movement had been about. “What exactly is the Kaleidoscope?” 

“Right now, it is nothing more than an exceptional surveillance system. According to the history of this world, most of its capabilities were disabled to avoid the dangers of the visual disaster. A pity that we’ve never had the opportunity to see it at full power.” 

“What can it do?” 

“You’ll have the opportunity to experience it soon enough.” He looked me up and down and raised an eyebrow. “You’re wearing your original clothes?” 

Was that weird? “Yeah.” 

“Why?” 

“What’s wrong with changing into clothes you’re comfortable with?”

Though they weren’t comfortable, and my original spare change of clothes had vanished into the ether with my other supplies. 

Ozias chuckled as he gestured for me to walk with him down the path. “Most people would have other priorities upon entering a Fantasm. Speaking of, you’re quite far from the usual entry points. What role did you receive?” 

“I’m not sure,” I said, walking after him through the grass. A title like `[Last Genesis of the Kaleidoscope]` certainly sounded impressive, but I didn’t know what that actually meant. “I was just alone in this area when I entered. The city is still within eyesight, though, so it’d make sense if I was a resident from the outskirts… Or perhaps someone on a very long walk. What about you?” 

“I’m a senior Keeper with the institute that oversees the Cagzol Caverns underground. You’ll learn more about them later today.” 

At his clear disinterest in explaining further, I shelved my curiosity about the caverns and changed my direction of inquiry. “Are you part of the staff that will be showing everyone around?” 

“Unfortunately, no. I’ll be working with a guest research group.” 

“There are other visitors?” 

“Yes, we frequently collaborate with outsiders — though not enough, in some people’s eyes.” Ozias snorted. “If you ask me, we could stand to let in fewer strangers. But enough about me. Why don’t you tell me about yourself?” 

“With so many visitors, I don’t know how interesting I would be to you.” 

Ozias smiled. “You could try telling me about your class, then. What is the famed Nithemoore like?” 

I thought about it. 

I could have talked about the different friend groups I’d observed, or about the class divide between those who wore custom-tailored clothes and those who wore the school uniform every day. There were the differences in body language from what I knew, like how it was apparently respectful to stare your seniors and teachers in the eyes and no one really bowed. So many things were unfamiliar and new. 

But if I had to give my deepest impression…

“Everyone is very lucky.” 

“Lucky?” 

“Yes. Because they can eat well, sleep well, and learn well. By virtue of being a Nithemoore student, they even have the opportunity to visit a place like this.” 

Ozias paused. “You speak as if you aren’t included.” 

“How could that be?” I said. “I just hope that we can continue to eat well, sleep well, and learn well while we’re here.” 

That got a laugh out of him. 

“Don’t worry,” he said. “We always do our utmost to ensure the safety of our guests.” 

It turned out Ozias hadn’t walked all the way up here; he had a carriage-like vehicle with a crystalline engine mounted at the front, its blue lattice shining in the light. I climbed into the seat next to Ozias and watched curiously as he started the machine and started to drive. Manual controls like this were so retro compared to the rigs that I knew. 

“I didn’t see vehicles like this in Fulsgate,” I observed. “Why not?” 

“The solid light frame is more well-established with a wider market,” Ozias replied. “Of course, there are hobbyists and investors interested in the KP system’s transportation capabilities as well, but solid light outshines it in speed, distance, convenience, and affordability. And that is before we discuss the matter of the KP frame’s degree of exclusivity.”

I didn’t know what that was. “Is it very high?” 

“Much higher than solid light. The KP frame has some… demanding interpretations of the world, especially related to eyes and the power of the soul. Specific steps need to be taken to integrate it with the common frame, but until then, its interactions with Kosmonymia are mediated by the Tripartite, who we all know have a poor sense of humor.”  

“It’s not like you’re using the power of the soul to drive this car right now, right? Couldn’t you just cut that part out and use the rest?” 

“That’s certainly one way to integrate with the common frame… But the vehicles are not the interesting part of the KP system, so it’s out of the question.” 

“So to make a car like this in Kosmonymia… You’d just have to hope the Tripartite lets it work?”

“Indeed. But no one wants to count on the Tripartite’s grace. You wouldn’t want your car to stop functioning mid-road just because it passed a vehicle of a conflicting frame that the Tripartite decided took precedence, would you?” 

I didn’t feel great that these gods were the ones handing out titles to everyone. 

“Are hobbyists allowed to bring KP-frame vehicles on the road?” 

“It’s illegal… for now.” Ozias flashed an amused smile. “It’s just that certain individuals have gotten it into their heads that Fulsgate should pioneer its own transportation technology anyways. Now, between you and me, I don’t know if that is such a good idea.” 

I let out a “hah” as seemed appropriate. 

“What are your thoughts, young man?” Ozias asked. “Should the knowledge of the KP frame be freely shared, even with those who might misuse it? Or should it be guarded carefully, even if those who could benefit from it might be wronged?” 

I couldn’t imagine why someone would need a new type of car when Kosmonymia seemed spoiled for choice already. “Why are you asking me?”  

“Call it the curiosity of someone who wants to know what the younger generation thinks.”  

“I hardly think I’m a good representative.” 

“Come now, no need to be modest. Aren’t you a Nithemoore student?” 

I didn’t want to answer his question. My intuition was telling me that there were more layers to his question than I really understood. Damn my lack of contextual understanding of the world. 

“I think it would be best to do what would cause the least harm, on a case by case basis. I don’t have the confidence to make a generalization.” 

Ozias chuckled. “Are you studying to be a diplomat?” 

“No.” 

“Pity. With a non-answer like that, you’d do quite well.” 

Okay, but that didn’t actually tell me what Ozias thought the right answer was. 

Ozias drove us down the mountain towards the city until we reached a wire fence with signs warning off unauthorized personnel. A wave of his badge in front of a scanner, and the gate opened to let us in. We soon arrived at a sturdy compound built into the hillside. On the stone sign before the building was a circular symbol with six facets surrounding a central eye. CAGZOL INSTITUTE OF BIOTECHNOLOGY, the sign read. 

My classmates were gathered in the courtyard there, chatting with each other and our school chaperones. A different group consisting of middle-aged adults stood a short distance away as well. They must have been the other guests Ozias mentioned. 

Everyone was wearing loose, tunic-like clothes tied with colorful sashes. Some also had the same butterfly-wing robes as Ozias draped over their clothes. Every one of them wore tinted visors that hid their eyes.

Compared to them, Acacius’ suit and lack of visor stuck out like a sore thumb. 

Ozias shooed me off towards the Nithemoore entourage and went to speak with Hanan, who was congregated with the teachers and fiddling with her visor. Occasionally, she gestured in the air as if manipulating something in the air. 

Ozias only delivered a few words before Hanan nodded, stepped forward, and spoke. Her sonorous voice rang clearly over the field. 

“Attention, please! Now that everyone has gathered, we will go over the itinerary!” 

Wow. Had I been the last person they were looking for? 

“In this world, it is currently nine o’clock in the morning! You have five hours to explore the world as you please. Make sure to take one of the lenses being passed around by our staff — though you likely already have one of our own, these are designed to connect securely within our group! To avoid any incidents, please use these to stay in touch.

“Our tour of the caverns will begin at two o’clock sharp. At that time, we will take a look at the origins of the Kaleidoscope. This is the most important part of your visit, so be sure to return to this location on time. Dismissed!”

Five hours of free time? How generous. I knew what I should be spending that time on.

I snagged a “lens” from one of the staff members passing them out in the crowd. It actually seemed to be an earpiece; I followed the lead of the students around me and hung it on my ear, pressing a button on the side to activate it. 

A cool sensation went through my head, leaving a strange aftertaste on my tongue, and a visor materialized before my eyes.

So that was what they meant by a lens. 

It didn’t take long for me to read through the operating instructions displaying on the holographic interface. The lens was apparently controlled by your eyes, but it responded so smoothly it might as well have been thought-controlled. I was pretty amazed that a society still using manual controls on their vehicles had come up with something like this. 

Once I was done, I went to find my project partner, as promised. 

Verica was standing stiffly at the edge of the throng of students. Instead of being alone or accompanied by Luka, though, she was talking with a short, lavender-haired student whose light and wavy hair flowed down elegantly to her waist.

“It’s been so long and Luka still hasn’t come back,” the girl remarked. “He didn’t leave you behind, did he?” 

“Luka isn’t that kind of person,” Verica said. “He’s probably just caught up in something again.” 

“But to the point of forgetting his best friend?” 

Verica didn’t respond. With both their backs facing me, I couldn’t see their expressions. 

The lavender-haired girl snickered. “What a careless guy. Don’t you think it’s about time you stopped chasing after the attention of someone who doesn’t care about you as much as you care about him?” 

“Roxana.” Verica’s voice hardened. “Haven’t I already said it before? Even if I stopped being friends with Luka, it doesn’t mean that I would go to your side.”

“What do you mean? Must I have an ulterior motive? I’m just saying what’s already in your heart.” Her light voice lilted like she was telling a joke. “You can’t really be a saintess with nothing but goodwill inside.” 

“Aren’t you the one always giving me advice on managing my relationships better?” Verica said sharply. “Then you should understand that there are some things you shouldn’t say to others.” 

There was a smile in Roxana’s voice. “That may be so, but you’re not just anyone. You’re the only one who really understands me… and I’m the only one who really knows you, too. So who should I hold my words for?”  

Well, who could resist an opening like that? 

I stepped up behind Roxana, leaned in, and said, “Hi.” 

Roxana whirled around with a shriek. She struck out wildly with a flailing hand, and I was forced to catch her wrist to stop any damage from being done. 

Verica turned around too, tensing when she saw me. “Acacius,” she said warily. She stepped forward slightly, hand twitching like she wanted to move to intercept me. Her eyes flicked down towards my suit. “Where have you been?” 

I let go of Roxana and adjusted my body language so it looked like my attention was shifting to Verica. As I thought, Verica loosened up slightly as I did. “Why, are you looking for a new partner? If that’s the case, shouldn’t you start with someone who has a better personality than me?” 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Roxana’s mouth work for a moment before she pulled on a sweet smile and smoothed her hair back out. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you,” she said in a voice noticeably sunnier and gentler compared to before. “It was just that you took me by such surprise, I reacted before I could think about it…” 

She blinked gently up at me with her pale, down-turned eyes. 

“You don’t blame me, right?” 

I smiled at her and ignored the way Verica tensed up again. 

“Excuse me for surprising you. I would hate to cut off your conversation. Go on, what were you saying to Verica?” 

Roxana shook her head demurely. “Oh, no, it would be rude to exclude you now that you’ve finally arrived. I was just worried about Verica, since she’s my friend.” 

Verica pursed her lips behind Roxana’s back. 

“It’s dangerous to move around alone, after all,” Roxana continued obliviously. “You were moving alone up until now too, right?” Her expression morphed, dripping with concern. “What were you doing all by yourself?”  

I thought about her question and said, “Maybe getting caught up in something to the point of forgetting my project partner.” 

Roxana paused. 

“Oh, that can’t be right, since I’m here now,” I added, spreading my hands out. “What about you, Roxana? I don’t see your partner around.” 

Verica cut in before she could respond to my teasing. “Acacius, let’s sort out our matters first. I have people I can move with if you don’t want to work together, but what about you?” 

It was interesting. Roxana’s relationship with Verica was clearly tense, but Verica was still defensive when I interacted with her. Was there something more to their relationship, or was it just Verica’s personality to stand up even for people she didn’t like? 

“I plan to move alone,” I told her.  

“That’s unsafe.” 

I couldn’t help but be amused. “Do you think it’s necessarily safer to be with other people?” 

Verica frowned. “Are you implying something?”

I shook my head. “Forget it.” 

My experiences weren’t necessarily correct here, anyways.

“No, that’s good advice, Veric,” Roxana said. Wait, Veric? Not Verica? “Some people are dangerous to be around. That’s why you should do your best to stay away from them.” 

She stepped close to Verica and hugged her arm as she gave me a sweet smile. 

“Isn’t that right, Acacius?” 

Verica frowned, but she didn’t push Roxana off, keeping her eyes trained on me. I guess they were pretty familiar with each other, after all. 

I held in a laugh. 

“Yeah,” I said. “It’s always wise to be careful of people who can hide their true nature all day long.” 